Update code style chapter (#114)
infinum/rails-handbook: Code/Code style.md

The Infinum Backend Team uses the [community guidelines](https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide#naming) for naming and syntax conventions. Please read them.

We use a Ruby style-checking analyzer called [Rubocop](https://github.com/bbatsov/rubocop) to preserve syntax consistency in our applications. It's packaged as a Ruby gem and comes with a CLI to check style consistency.
We run the checks through an [Overcommit](https://github.com/sds/overcommit) hook on almost all our projects (if it's missing on a legacy project, check with your colleagues whether it makes sense to install it).

> We also use it as a plugin in our editors to get real time in-editor warnings just as we're writing code. Whether you're using Vim, Atom or Sublime, please check that it's properly installed after you've run our installation scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also use it as a plugin in our editors to get real time in-editor warnings just as we're writing code. Whether you're using Vim, Atom or Sublime, please check that it's properly installed after you run our installation scripts.
```

Rubocop is highly configurable, and we deviate only slightly from the suggested guidelines.
Our configuration can be found [here](https://github.com/infinum/default_rails_template/blob/master/.rubocop.yml).
Each project must have its own copy of rubocop.yml where project specific configuration can be added.

Some exceptions from our config file:

> * We tend not to write documentation for every class or module. It doesn't make sense to document a User, Post, or a Comment class. However, sometimes applications tend to have a Domain-Specific Business Logic that just needs to be documented since, without a few comments, it's often not clear what's going on. If that's the case, please write up a few comments explaining the interactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We avoid documenting every class or module. It doesn't make sense to write about a User, Post, or a Comment class and all of its methods. However, applications tend to have a Domain-Specific Business Logic that requires a documentation since, without a few comments, it's often not clear what's going on. If that's the case, please explain the interactions in the project README.
```
